README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://titusstudios.net/">
    <img
      alt="rlc-logo"
      title="RLC Logo | www.titusstudios.net/"
      src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/images/rlc-gamma-logo/rlc-logo-main-nograd.png"
      width="650"
    />
  </a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <sub>Built with :heart: by
  <a href="https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler">MagnumMacKivler</a> and
  <a href="https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/graphs/contributors">
    contributors
  </a>
</div>

<br>

<div align="center">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/574783886580514816"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
</div>

<br>

<p align="center"><strong><a href="https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/releases/latest">» Download the latest release «</a></strong></p>

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/list-unordered.svg" height="24px" /> Table of Contents
- [Brief Description](#-brief-description)
- [Required Addons](#-required-addons)
- [Installation](#-installation)
  - [Download & Install](#-download--install)
- [Start using RLC Gamma](#-start-using-rlc-gamma)
- [FAQ](#-faq)
- [Current Project Team Members & Stats](#-current-project-team-members--stats)
- [License](#-license)

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/book.svg" height="24px" /> Brief Description

RLC Platinum 2.0 (RLC PT2 or simply PT2 for short) is a highly realistic simulation chip for diesel-electric locomotives in Garry's Mod.

RLC PT 2.0 is now publicly available for use. The version found on here should be stable, however, there is always the chance that some bugs may remain in the code. Future updates are certain, and you will need to update your locomotives as time goes by. That means updating E2s, re-wiring dupes.

Thankfully, certain features within RLC PT 2.0 make it easier for users to update their locomotives, and the new include-based config system should streamline the process. Gone are the days of copy/pasting blocks of code from one PT chip into the next!

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/checklist.svg" height="24px" /> Required Addons

You will also need Grovestreetgman's Sound packs for RLC PT2 to work correctly.
1. Base Sounds: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240020348
2. Engine Sounds 1: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1254010890
3. Engine Sounds 2: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1254014222

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/package.svg" height="24px" /> Installation

## <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/repo-pull.svg" height="18px" /> Download & Install:
2. Under the Release's Description, look for `Assets`, then download the `Source code (zip)`.
3. Open the Zip file using a program like WinZip or WinRar, if it didn't open automatically. Then open the first folder in the zip file. 

| CAUTION | DO NOT Extract the first folder (Ex, `RLCPT2-master`)! RLC will not work correctly!  |
| :--- | :--- |

4. Extract the folders directly into: `<Your active steam directory>\SteamApps\common\Garry's Mod\garrysmod\data\expression2\`.
The file path should then look like `..\expression2\ptgamma\..`.

| NOTE | If you see the folder "RLCPT2-master" inside the "expression2" folder, YOU INSTALLED IT WRONG and the E2s will not work!  |
| :--- | :--- |
5. If you're currently in-game in Garry's Mod, open the E2 Editor, and click the "Update" button under the list of E2s on the lefthand side of the window.

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/terminal.svg" height="24px" /> Start using RLC Gamma
Our [wiki](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki) has heaps of [datasheets](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/Locomotive-Data-Sheets) and [tutorials](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/Configuring-Locomotives-in-RLC-PT2) for your pleasure. New to PT Gamma? Check out the [Operator's Manual](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/blob/dev/ptgamma/RLC_PT2_Operator_Manual.txt)!

New to building locomotives? Check out these three tutorials:
1. [Where to find models](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/Where-to-find-models)
2. [How to add Bogies to your Locomotive](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/How-to-add-Bogies-to-your-Locomotive)
3. [How to add Exhaust Smoke to your Locomotive](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/How-to-add-Exhaust-Smoke-to-your-Locomotive)

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/comment-discussion.svg" height="24px" /> FAQ
### Why is it called RLC?
Realistic Locomotive Control, kinda obvious duh.

### Is it called RLCPT2, PT Gamma or...?
Call it whatever you want. Official name is: RLC Platinum 2.0 Gamma

### Is RLCPT2 production ready?
Sure.

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/organization.svg" height="24px" /> Current Project Team Members & Stats
[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/0)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/0)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/1)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/1)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/2)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/2)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/3)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/3)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/4)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/4)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/5)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/5)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/6)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/6)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/7)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/7)

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/law.svg" height="24px" /> License
![carbon-MIT](https://titusstudios.net/data/static/images/rlcpt2-readme/rlcpt2-rm-MIT-carbon.svg)

RLC's Logo is copyrighted under: Copyright © 2019 Titus Studios Media. [www.titusstudios.net](https://titusstudios.net/)

Commit message:

when will this readme ever stop changing????

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://titusstudios.net/">
    <img
      alt="rlc-logo"
      title="RLC Logo | www.titusstudios.net/"
      src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/images/rlc-gamma-logo/rlc-logo-main-nograd.png"
      width="650"
    />
  </a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <sub>Built with :heart: by
  <a href="https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler">MagnumMacKivler</a> and
  <a href="https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/graphs/contributors">
    contributors
  </a>
</div>

<br>

<div align="center">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/574783886580514816"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2"/>
</div>

<br>

<p align="center"><strong><a href="https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/releases/latest">» Download the latest release «</a></strong></p>

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/list-unordered.svg" height="24px" /> Table of Contents
- [Brief Description](#-brief-description)
- [Required Addons](#-required-addons)
- [Installation](#-installation)
  - [Download & Install](#-download--install)
- [Start using RLC Gamma](#-start-using-rlc-gamma)
- [FAQ](#-faq)
- [Current Project Team Members & Stats](#-current-project-team-members--stats)
- [License](#-license)

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/book.svg" height="24px" /> Brief Description

RLC Platinum 2.0 (RLC PT2 or simply PT2 for short) is a highly realistic simulation chip for diesel-electric locomotives in Garry's Mod.

RLC PT 2.0 is now publicly available for use. The version found on here should be stable, however, there is always the chance that some bugs may remain in the code. Future updates are certain, and you will need to update your locomotives as time goes by. That means updating E2s, re-wiring dupes.

Thankfully, certain features within RLC PT 2.0 make it easier for users to update their locomotives, and the new include-based config system should streamline the process. Gone are the days of copy/pasting blocks of code from one PT chip into the next!

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/checklist.svg" height="24px" /> Required Addons

You will also need Grovestreetgman's Sound packs for RLC PT2 to work correctly.
1. Base Sounds: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=240020348
2. Engine Sounds 1: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1254010890
3. Engine Sounds 2: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1254014222

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/package.svg" height="24px" /> Installation

## <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/repo-pull.svg" height="18px" /> Download & Install:
2. Under the Release's Description, look for `Assets`, then download the `Source code (zip)`.
3. Open the Zip file using a program like WinZip or WinRar, if it didn't open automatically. Then open the first folder in the zip file. 

| CAUTION | DO NOT Extract the first folder (Ex, `RLCPT2-master`)! RLC will not work correctly!  |
| :--- | :--- |

4. Extract the folders directly into: `<Your active steam directory>\SteamApps\common\Garry's Mod\garrysmod\data\expression2\`.
The file path should then look like `..\expression2\ptgamma\..`.

| NOTE | If you see the folder "RLCPT2-master" inside the "expression2" folder, YOU INSTALLED IT WRONG and the E2s will not work!  |
| :--- | :--- |
5. If you're currently in-game in Garry's Mod, open the E2 Editor, and click the "Update" button under the list of E2s on the lefthand side of the window.

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/terminal.svg" height="24px" /> Start using RLC Gamma
Our [wiki](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki) has heaps of [datasheets](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/Locomotive-Data-Sheets) and [tutorials](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/Configuring-Locomotives-in-RLC-PT2) for your pleasure. New to PT Gamma? Check out the [Operator's Manual](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/blob/dev/ptgamma/RLC_PT2_Operator_Manual.txt)!

New to building locomotives? Check out these three tutorials:
1. [Where to find models](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/Where-to-find-models)
2. [How to add Bogies to your Locomotive](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/How-to-add-Bogies-to-your-Locomotive)
3. [How to add Exhaust Smoke to your Locomotive](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/wiki/How-to-add-Exhaust-Smoke-to-your-Locomotive)

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/comment-discussion.svg" height="24px" /> FAQ
### Why is it called RLC?
Realistic Locomotive Control, kinda obvious duh.

### Is it called RLCPT2, PT Gamma or...?
Call it whatever you want. Official name is: RLC Platinum 2.0 Gamma

### Is RLCPT2 production ready?
Sure.

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/organization.svg" height="24px" /> Current Project Team Members & Stats
[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/0)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/0)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/1)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/1)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/2)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/2)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/3)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/3)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/4)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/4)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/5)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/5)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/6)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/6)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/images/7)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/TitusStudiosMediaGroup/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/links/7)

# <img src="https://titusstudios.net/data/static/scss/fonts/octicons/svg/law.svg" height="24px" /> License
```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 MagnumMacKivler

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
```

RLC's Logo is copyrighted under: Copyright © 2019 Titus Studios Media. [www.titusstudios.net](https://titusstudios.net/)
